Let's recap what we covered in this short module about software architecture.
It's a much needed thing inside of our industry to convey
information and vocabulary about what we're trying to do.
We talked about MVC and how the traditional MVC design
pattern isn't necessarily reflective of what we're doing
inside of our web applications.
We also talked about n‑tier architectures and why it's beneficial
for us, and that leads us into a deeper discussion about the
various components inside of our application and how we interact
with those components specifically using our controller, service,
and repository objects.
Those three pieces are what really builds up our access to our back
end and where our business logic should reside.
And even though there are more of Spring proper than Spring MVC,
we should always use those within the Spring MVC app to help
with our model‑view‑controller design pattern.
Let's dive into some deeper configuration and start using this inside of our sample out now.